First: we start with the value of 1(Greedy Algorithm)

Second: We check the next element in compare to the previous element, we have three cases:

1- The element is larger than the previous one:
	
	we increase the prev value "which keeps the last used value" by 1. (prev + 1)
	then we increase the res with the prev value. (res += prev)

2- The element is equal to the previous one:
	
	whats ever the prev value is we equal it to one. (prev = 1)
	then we add it to the res. (res += prev)

3- The element is smaller than the previous one:
	
	notice here: flag var: indicates how many previous numbers need to be increased
						in another way it indicates how many times have we come to this else.
				start_prev var: keeps the prev value save as we have cases might need it.
	
	we have many cases here: 
		if the prev value is one: that means we need to increase the previous used value from one to two
		so we add two to the res var.
		and the flag value is equal to two.
		
		else the prev value is not one: that means we just make the prev value equals one and add it to res var. 
		and make the flag value to be one.
		
		but what if we have something like this:
			4, 2, 9, 8, 6
			1				start with one.
			
			2, 1			the value is lower than and prev = 1,
							so we increase the previous value and make this equal to one.
							
			2, 1, 2			the value is higher than the previous so just prev + 1.
			
			2, 1, 2, 1		the value is lower than and prev = 2,
							so we just reduce the prev value and equal it one.
							
			2, 1, 3, 2, 1	the value is lower than and the prev = 1, 
							lets follow the normal case and just increase the previous one
							results in 2, 1, 2, 2, 1 so notice here that (the number 9 and 8 got the same value 2, wrong!!!)
							that's why we need to keep the prev value to now the value 
							that we can not reach which equals to two here (start_prev = 2).
		
		
		so i keep it and if it is equal to flag plus 1, i add one to the res as an 
		increase indicator of the start number which is 9 here in our example.